These are details that may not show in the log for the rogue prequest.

a shady Highpass citizen.png - shows location, He refreshes his inventory after about 45 minutes (see log between purchase #2 and #3)
cigar.png - shows a shady Highpass citizen holding a cigar
1st Task
Dealer Maeline.png - shows location of Dealer, Guard and 2 Nobles, when the guard is distracted by the nobles (see log), the guard turns to face the nobles and nobles face the guard. (during their conversation- see log) If you cash out at anything except 1900 (I cashed out immediately and at 2000 chips) both times I was caught (see log) lost the money.  Also I had immediately become blinded by a spell (in log) and ported to jail in Highpass: Cell.png.  https://www.eqprogression.com/rogue-1-5-epic-pre-quest-guide/ claims it is possible to cash out at 2000.  Perhaps when the guard is distracted it is a timed event and dealing another hand is possible.
2nd task
images:
SharVahlCellKey.png
SharVahlCellKeyLore.png
backstabbed.png
Prisoner(different cell).png
Nichols.png
Task starts with shady Highpass citizen... then you head to Shar Vahl prison cells.  You hail the prisoner in the South East cell (Apparently the race of the prisoner can be different.)  Image from https://www.eqprogression.com/rogue-1-5-epic-pre-quest-guide/ shows a
female elf but I talked to a male troll prisoner.  Anyway they tell you to go to Katta to get the keys.  The first guard is in the graveyard and his key is easily pickpocketed (skill 130s?) see log.  This is a cell key and is temporary. The second guard is probably also pickpocketable (did not attempt) but is highly suseptible to backstabs and will die in 1 backstab.  According to post on Allakhazam, if you miss he can hit for 6k+(similar to guards in the 3rd task).  He cons blue to a level 70.  Looted key off of him, see log.  The temp cell key did not work on the cell in Shar Vahl with the troll that I previously talked to, it worked on the south west cell (there's 4, north ones have grimlings in them) and spawned a sitting prisoner.  Once I turned in the Rough-Hewn Shackle Key he spawns as Nichols (see screenshots/log)
3rd task
The remaining images are of smuggling the Sealed Silver Package to Crow in Qeynos, Guard positions etc.  When you zone into Qeynos, regardless of where you zone in from you will spawn in the North East corner of the zone outside the gate, next to the Qeynos Hills zoneline.  This happens only when you have the package.  There is an zone shout that happens when you zone in and Elite Guards will spawn.  Even if you leave and reenter through the sewers you will respawn at the same spot.    Elite Guards may con indifferent but they can see through SoS, though I don't think they will see you if you sneak behind them.  You have to get past the guards without being caught.  They hit for 6k+ and will essentially 1 hit you.  I was hit for 7980 dmg.  They also cast a spell on themselves called Relentless Salubrity.  For everyone else they are on regular Qeynos Guard faction, but will instantly attack a rogue with the package if they seem him. If you die, the Sealed Silver Package is looted by the guard (taken from you and you have to go back to highpass to get another).  Outside of Qeynos gates are 3 static guards and 2 that move around.  There are normal guards as well, but they won't bother you with Shroud of Stealth.  Inside the city there are 5 more guards that move around. QeynosSneakGuardsEntrance.png shows 2 static guards on left and one that wanders.  Elite Guard Evanet, Sarve and Lewot are show with map location and direction they are facing.   Elite Guard Drag wanders randomly in the big newbie open area (similar to newbie mobs).  Elite Guard Jedis will wander from Qeynos hills zoneline (on the road) to the zoneline (ALL THE WAY RIGHT UP TO BOTH ZONELINES) for South Qeynos. He will stop at random points, several are shown.  He will wander randomly between all the points on a direct path from one zoneline to the other, stopping for random amounts of time. Sometimes a few seconds I think up to 1 minute it seems.  Elite Guard Aterbome paths similar to Jedis but just around the monk guild, outside the front entrance through it to the back.  3 elite guards wander randomly from the main path (Path through Qeynos from the main gate to SQ) around Crow's building and also around the pond in front of Crow's.  I think they have at least 10 different spots they can stop at.  Inside Crow's is elite guard Etter. He will wander from just outside the Door to Crows to several spots inside on the first floor.  I'm guessing about 8 or more spots that he can stop at.  He paths on the first floor between the patron tables and then behind Crow to the back room behind Crow.  They are all random as to which spot they go to and how long they stop for(up to 1 minute or so).  If the rogue dies or leaves the zone with the package the Elite guards will despawn after a few minutes.  For any elite guard if you hail them (and you are not carrying the package) they will respond with text but they will not stop pathing.  If they are already stopped they will turn to face you to respond.  example: Elite Guard Etter says, 'Stand away, citizen.  There is a dangerous smuggler in the vicinity. For your own safety, I suggest you return to the city gates at your earliest convenience.'
